Kotlin Multiplatform support (#116)
prof18/RSS-Parser: README.md

}
```

### Breaking changes

From version 6.0, RSSParser has become Multiplatform. This update brought some breaking changes:

- Some class names and packages have been changed: please check out the [migration guide](#migration-from-version-5) for further info;
- the caching of the feed is not supported anymore. After some thinking, I decided that the aim of this library is not to provide a caching solution for an RSS feed, but just do the parsing. Any required caching/storing solution needs to be implemented by the user of the library;
- The support for Java with the `OnTaskCompleted` and `onError` callbacks has been dropped.

[Here](https://github.com/prof18/RSS-Parser/blob/version-5/README.md) you can find the README for version 5 of RSSParser.

## Available data

> The [RSS channel resulting object](https://github.com/prof18/RSS-Parser/blob/master/rssparser/src/commonMain/kotlin/com/prof18/rssparser/model/RssChannel.kt) (`RssChannel`) provides you with the following data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`RssChannel` result object](https://github.com/prof18/RSS-Parser/blob/master/rssparser/src/commonMain/kotlin/com/prof18/rssparser/model/RssChannel.kt) provides the following data:
```

  - Summary
  - Type

> Items, on the other hand, support the following attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Items support the following attributes:
```

  - Keywords
  - Subtitle
  - Summary
  - Season

## Usage

> RssParser is available on the Android, iOS and JVM platforms and it's using [Coroutines](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/coroutines-overview.html) for all the asynchronous work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RSS Parser is available on Android, iOS, and the JVM. It uses [Coroutines](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/coroutines-overview.html) for all asynchronous work.
```

Reviewer: Also, the supported platform list is duplicated here, as you already listed them at the beginning of the README. Consider removing or moving this section, as it's a bit out of place here.

> ### Creating a RssParser instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating an RssParser instance
```

> To interact with the library, it's necessary first to create an instance of `RssParser`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `RssParser` instance is the entry point of the library. 
```

It's possible to create an instance of `RssParser` directly in the common code, without having to pass any platform-specific dependencies. 

```kotlin
val rssParser: RssParser = RssParser()
```

#### Builder

> A `RssParser` instance can also be built with a platform-specific `RssParserBuilder`. In the builder, some custom and optional fields can be provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `RssParser` instance can also be built with a platform-specific `RssParserBuilder`. Some custom and optional fields can be provided to the builder.
```

> **On Android and the JVM**, a custom `OkHttpClient` instance and a custom `Charset` can be provided. If an `OkHttpClient` instance is not provided, the library will create one. If no `Charset` is provided, it will automatically be inferred from the XML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**On Android and the JVM**, a custom `OkHttpClient` instance and a custom `Charset` can be provided. If an `OkHttpClient` instance is not provided, the library will create one. If no `Charset` is provided, it will automatically be inferred from the feed XML.
```

```kotlin
val builder = RssParserBuilder(
    callFactory = OkHttpClient(),
    charset = Charsets.UTF_8,
)
val rssParser = builder.build() 
```

**On iOS**, a custom `NSURLSession` instance can be provided. If an `NSURLSession` instance is not provided, the library will use the shared `NSURLSession`. 

```kotlin
val builder = RssParserBuilder(
    nsUrlSession = NSURLSession(),
)
val rssParser = builder.build() 
```

### RSS Parsing from URL

> To parse an RSS feed from an URL, the suspending `getRssChannel` function can be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To parse an RSS feed from a URL, the suspending `getRssChannel` function can be used.
```

```kotlin
val rssChannel: RssChannel = rssParser.getRssChannel("https://www.rssfeed.com")
```

### RSS Parsing from string

To parse an RSS feed from an XML string, the suspending `parse` function can be used

```kotlin
val xmlString: String = "xml-string"
val rssChannel: RssChannel = rssParser.parse(xmlString)
```

> ## Sample project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sample projects
```

> The repository contains two samples: a [multiplatform](/sample/) and an [Android](/sampleandroid/) project, to showcase the usage in a standard Android app and a multiplatform one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository contains two samples projects: a [multiplatform](/sample/) and an [Android](/sampleandroid/) project to showcase the usage in a multiplatform app and an Android one.
```

## Migration from version 5

> Starting from version 6 of the library, some breaking changes has been made:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 6 of the library introduced the following breaking changes:
```

- The main package name has been changed from `com.prof.rssparser` to `com.prof18.rssparser`;
- `com.prof.rssparser.Parser` has been moved and renamed to `com.prof18.rssparser.RssParser`;
- `com.prof.rssparser.Parser.Builder` has been moved and renamed to `com.prof18.rssparser.RssParserBuilder`;
- `com.prof.rssparser.Channel` has been moved and renamed to `com.prof18.rssparser.model.RssChannel`;
- `com.prof.rssparser.Article` has been moved and renamed to `com.prof18.rssparser.model.RssItem`;
- `com.prof.rssparser.HTTPException` has been moved to `com.prof18.rssparser.model.HTTPException`;
- `com.prof.rssparser.Image` has been moved and renamed to `com.prof18.rssparser.RssImage`;
- `com.prof.rssparser.ItunesOwner` has been moved to `com.prof18.rssparser.model.ItunesOwner`;
- `com.prof.rssparser.ItunesArticleData` has been moved and renamed to `com.prof18.rssparser.model.ItunesItemData`;
- `com.prof.rssparser.ItunesChannelData` has been moved to `com.prof18.rssparser.model.ItunesChannelData`;
- `getChannel()` has been renamed to `getRssChannel()`;

> - `cancel()` is not available anymore, the cancellation can be handled by the caller;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cancel()` is not available anymore, the cancellation can be handled by the caller.
```
